Why is Mr. Yun here?
The cloud is always the same
With the help of the legendary singer Le Fan
The president who founded the Golden Melody Awards ceremony
Just create golden songs
More than half of the brands that span the altar
This is the top gifter after the Drama Association
Brand of Yunju International
artistic value
Absolute words in the Chinese music scene
And not only that.
As long as the lark only talks and nods, he is an amateur
Clouds always have toilets and divas
It is said that Mr. Yun is with Liao Fa, the song god of the year
relationship
Me too.
I don't think our relationship is so coincidental
Please pay attention to the way you speak
Thank you. How about you?
You have to deal with this waste too.
Mr. Chu is my idol
I have admired Mr. Chu's talent for many years
Besides, I, Skylark International and Mr. Chu
Our group wants hot newcomers
I stand up for him
What kind of ability does this surname Chu have?
Newcomers can make Skylark Group
Use Mr. Yun as a big backer at all costs
Plus the student capital of the clear Hui
Offending black and yellow Tengda is just around the corner
You are really a person who can only rely on you to eat soft
Rice waste
It turns out that Yunzu, who was close to Skylark International
It is your greatest resource
I don't need a lark
Because I am the greatest resource.
Chu Fan, stop putting gold on your face
If it weren't for Mr. Yun, you would have been kicked out long ago
I'm still talking about it.
Don't pay attention to the cloud
Why don't you say you are the face of the masked singer?
I guess you're right.
I am the face